Gentlemen...
let's start the bidding.
Look at these beautiful ladies.
Gorgeous twins. They can be
your girlfriends for the day.
Remember folks, all your money
goes to charity.
10,000.
(cheering)
50,000.
Whoa.
(cheering)
Stan, your tech company
just went public.
60,000.
100,000.
Whoa.
Going, going... Gone.
(cheering and applause)
Gorgeous twins
for $100,000.
Next
we have the beautiful Rebecca.
(cheering)
Shall we start the bidding
at 20,000.
20,000.
25.
(murmuring)
Guys, this is all
tax-deductible.
40.
45.
Whoa.
C'mon, man, you already
got a stunner.
60,000.
(cheering and applause)
She's all yours.
$60,000.
Sixty
thousand dollars.
(cheering)
Come on, Katie.
Ready for this? Wow.
It's so nice
of Peter to let you use
his bedroom.
I just gave him a ton
of money for his charity.
He owes me.
You want to get
those curtains, Rebecca?
Why?
It adds to the mystery.
Okay.
Sure.
So should we have a drink?
Why don't you help me
with my tie?
Okay.
Ooh.
Just give me one minute.
Where are you going?
I...
I have to get something.
Just give me one minute.
What do you say?
Let's close the rest
of these curtains.
Sorry for the wait.
Oh, it's going to be worth it.
Girls?
I hope you didn't start
without me.
This is gonna be worth every penny
??
what's this? chocolate sauce?
ok, excellent
(screams)
I just left the room
a few minutes.
I know how this looks.
Why'd you leave the room?
To take a Viagra.
I dropped some major
dough here.
I wanted to get
my money's worth.
Well, looks like
you're going have to stick
with the tax deduction.
Where'the other girl?
There was another girl?
I bought... two.
You bought two. Officer.
What?
Thank you, Mr. Kornspan.
Get his horsepower,
will you?
Yes, sir.
Frank,
What about an ID?
We found our victim's purse.
Her name's Rebecca Roth.
She's 19.
Good, Frank.
Tell me about this auction.
Well, they're raising money
for underprivileged kids
so they can go
to summer camp.
It's called, uh,
Project Campfire.
It's hosted by the homeowner,
Peter Kinkella.
I want to know
who bid what for whom
and how much they paid.
This must have been
one kinky party.
Don't know whether
she was blindfolded in fun...
or in fear.
Either way
I'll take that.
She sustained
several stab wounds
to the torso.
Any defense wounds?
Not that I can see.
Looks like she's missing
a ring, though.
Maybe a robbery.
That would be odd
to target her
with so much bling at the party
other than hers.
Stabbed with a letter opener.
Look at that:
blood on the blade,
but also looks like
blood on the handle.
So our killer may have been
injured during the attack.
Looks like our best bet.
I'm going to take it to DNA.
Hey, Ryan.
Yeah.
I found a long black hair.
Could be African American.
Hmm.
Well, Delko got
the prime assignmeas
of interviewing the girls.
This could make it easy for him.
Yeah, I got it.
Ms. Watson,
we found a long black hair
on our victim's body.
Any idea how it might
have gotten there?
I was in-in that bedroom
with her.
And George.
He bid on both of us.
It must have gotten on her then.
Well, we found
George half clothed
and Rebecca dead.
How'd you fare so well?
Well, when we met to discuss
the details of our date,
George told us
that he wanted a three-way.
And I
went along at first,
looking for a graceful way out.
You know, I started
to get undressed.
George was having trouble...
staying focused.
That's when he went
for some medicinal courage?
And then what?
Then I told Rebecca I was getting out
of there
and that she should too.
Why didn't she?
She said she felt guilty because
he had spent a lot of money
and that she
couldn't leave.
How did the blindfold fit in?
Rebecca was a little nervous
and I thought
it might calm her down.
You are so sexy.
Close your eyes.
Trust me.
So you just left her there,
blindfolded with George's tie.
Rebecca made her choice.
I don't care
how much money he donated.
I wasn't going to sleep
with him.
Did you notice if Rebecca was
wearing a ring when you left?
honestly don't remember.
That's a convenient time
for a memory lapse.
It's the truth.
I make it my
business to know
the most beautiful
women in Miami.
Blonde, Latino,
Greek, Asian.
Something
for everyone.
So what does the highest
bidder get for his money?
Well, I paid $50,000
for my date with Sonya.
I assure you, it's all
on the up-and-up.
For yo date with Sonya.
My guests receive an
evening of conversation
with the women
they bid for.
The details are worked out
between the two parties.
Yes. Where were you
when this happened?
With Sonya.
We went upstairs to
the private terrace
to enjoy an intimate lunch.
Which was interrupted
by all this.
Yes, sounds like
an inconvenience.
I going to need a list
of your guests, please.
I'll get it right now.
Do that.
Look at you.
Can't wait to grow up.
It's a miracle
I don't see more kids like you.
All right, let's work our magic.
You ready, Ryan?
Oh, Alexx, I was born ready.
I've got your image.
Let me know
if the angle is right.
This stitching technology
requires
that there's a perpendicular photo
of each side of her finger.
Next angle.
Then your computer stitches them together
in a
three-dimensional image.
Yeah.
It's basically
going to look like
a black and white photo
of the ring she wore.
Getting a perpendicular image
of all sides
of a decedent's finger
is a lot harder than it looks.
You got that, Ryan?
Alexx, do me a favor:
make the image
more perpendicular, please.
You want come down here
and try it from my end, honey?
No, Alexx, you-you're
doing a wonderful job.
All right, now.
Now let's get the last side.
Is that her
missing ring?
Looks small. What size is it
It's a 4-and-a-half.
Got a lot of detail, though.
This is basically what the ring
would look like.
Great job.
WOLFE:
Thank you.
WOODS:
Hey, hey, hey!
What about me?
You're fabulous.
Unfortunately, finding that ring
is going to be the hard part.
We'll do what we do.
Let's start with estate sales
and pawnshops.
DUQUESNE:
Mr. Thornton, next time
you steal something,
you might want
to find a pawnshop
that's a little less cooperative
with the police.
Last time I checked,
selling your own property
to a pawnshop was
completely legal.
I didn't steal anything.
That ring's a little too small
to be yours, isn't it?
I had it made
for my girlfriend.
Rebecca Roth.
Why were you
selling her ring?
Becca broke up
with me this morning.
I thought
we were getting married.
She broke my heart.
I can't keep the ring.
I don't want to be engaged.
I want to experience life.
That was crap.
Is that why you killed her?
Becca's dead?
Miss Roth was found murdered
at a party today.
Was there any chance
you were there?
No. After Becca broke up
with me,
I followed her.
She went to some
fancy party,
but I never went inside.
I got my proof right out front.
Proof of what?
She left me for another guy.
Hey.
(giggles)
Is there any chance
you'd recognize that man
if you saw him again?
Yeah, I can do
better than that.
I got a...
I got a picture of him.
That creep stole
my girlfriend.
I'm going to need to take
this phone with me.
Where are you going?
That creep's name is
Jake Berkeley.
I'm going to find out
what he's up to.
* *
Hey, Ryan said there was blood
on the murder weapon's handle.
Yeah, and it's different
from our victim,
whose ood was
all over the blade.
That sounds promising.
Just waiting on CODIS.
Did you find out
what Jake was doing
with the victim today?
I paged him;
let's see if he calls back.
Oh, there we go.
Ah, that's
what I'm talking abouin
CODIS hit on the blood
on the handle.
Peter Kinkella.
That was our party host.
Arrested for solicitation.
Maybe the party was really
just a way to solicit legally.
CAINE:
Mr. Kinkella, your charity
auctions women for money,
and, yet, you were busted
for soliciting prostitution.
It was a one-time thing.
I learned my lesson.
Ruined my life;
my wife left me, took my kids.
You do see the irony of it,
though, don't you?
My charity donates
thousands of dollars
to underprivileged kids.
I thought an auction with hot
women would bring in more money
from our wealthy male
benefactors.
What was your connection
to Rebecca Roth?
I never met her
before today.
Then how do you
explain your blood
on the handle
of the murder weapon?
That's impossible.
So you didn't use
your letter-opener
to stab Rebecca, then?
My letter-opener...
I can explain.
I cut myself this morning
opening my mail.
I cut my hand;
it doesn't make
me a murderer.
Well, it certainly doesn't
eliminate you either.
It's my house, my letter-opener,
and my bedroom.
You find any of that criminal,
I'm sure you'll let me know.
That's what I do
It isn't
what it seems.
Yeah, well, you know what?
It never is with you, Jake.
I had to find out from ATF
that you had lateralled to MDPD?
Well, I thought
you'd find out.
Why'd you leave ATF?
Because you guys blew
my cover.
I couldn't do that anymore.
Word is,
Rebecca's your girlfriend.
She's just a kid,
Calleigh.
Well, now she's a murder victim,
so if you have an explanation,
you better bring it.
We're building a case
against Peter Kinkella.
I needed
someone on the inside.
So you thought
it was a good idea
to turn a young girl
into a CI?
Rebecca Roth is no angel,
believe me.
And I busted her
for meth possession, so...
So you threatened a first-timer
with a stint in jail.
All she was supposed to do
was get in,
look for his stash
and see what she could find out.
You had nothing
on this guy.
Yes, I did.
You're wrong.
Kinkella's dealing heroin
out of his clubs in Miami.
He's got toe
worth millions.
Well, if you're so sure,
why send in the girl?
Because I couldn't get in,
and they were auctioning off
beautiful girls.
And you couldn't have found
a young police officer?
Well, not unless
they let me use you.
Calleigh, you know
how this works.
You get one shot
at a guy like this.
ll, it looks like you missed.
Detective Tripp.
Checked into
Kinkella's background.
If his wife left him,
it's not official.
Only thing on record is
their marriage certificate.
Do they have kids?
Yeah, two boys,
elementary school.
Okay, income.
He does well.
No stockpiled cash.
Pays his taxes.
All shy activity
seems recent.
Wait a second.
What does he do with the money?
I don't know.
I checked into his charity
and there is not a damn thing
charitable about it.
Okay, so it doesn't come back
nonprofit.
Anything but.
Has all the earmarks
of a shell corporation.
I'll have to dig deeper to see
if he's taking the money.
Was the account
offshore, Frank?
Yeah, Bahamas.
So... what next?
Let's go shake his tree.
Lieutenant Caine.
This certainly is
a beautiful home, Mr. Kinkella.
How did you pay for it?
If you've got financial
questions, see my accountant.
I have a lot more than
financial questions for you.
(dog barking)
What's the dog for?
It's a drug-sniffing dog.
I have a warrant to search
your premises.
You can't just barge
into my home.
I can when it's a crime scene.
Excuse me.
Let me see that.
(barks)
Let's see what we have.
There's nothing here,
just some papers.
If there were drugs here,
somebody moved them.
Maybe he was reacting
to a residue.
Hey, here we go.
You got something?
Yeah, a listening device.
Now to remove it
without compromising the potential for prints.
Is that the stuff
that preserves the sticky side
of the tape?
That's right.
It contains heptane.
You spray it in a mist.
It negates the adhesive bond
long enough to remove the device
and preserve
the potential for prints.
Yeah, that's a short-range
transmitter.
It's got a signal strength
of about a hundred yards.
Who do you think put it there?
Do you have something
to tell me, Jake?
I don't have to tell you
everything about my cases.
No you don't,
but, my friend,
you just put a young girl in
harm's way and she got killed.
What do you want from me, man?
I want the recordings
from Kinkella's house.
What recordings?
The recordings
from the microphone
that you had
Rebecca plant--
those recordings.
Look, I never gave her any mike.
We found the mike, Jake;
it's standard-issue.
I know you think that
I got that girl kied.
But all I was doing was having
her gather information,
strictly eyes and ears.
Jake, if your fingerprints
are on that microphone,
you're finished.
You understand?
Fine.
(chuckles)
Someone wasn't careful.
Whoever planted this microphone
touched the adhesive
on the back.
Okay, then
this should be easy.
Yeah, should be.
Except, it's not his.
Try running it through AFIS.
Who else would want to bug
Kinkella's house?
Apparently someone who doesn't
want us to know.
It's restricted.
You think it was a Fed?
Or intelligence.
Maybe Horatio can get clearance.
Who are we missing here?
I mean, who else was
in that room?
Look, Heff Jr. doesn't seem
like the spy type.
Well, what about your friend?
The girl you interrogated?
Katie Watson?
You think she's one of us?
Why don't you ask her?
You interrupted
my spa treatment for this?
How many times
do I have to tell you:
I left girlie in the room.
It turns out that you left
something else there, too.
What is that?
Cut the act,
Ms. Watson.
If that's even your real name.
Yes, who do you work for?
Let's just say I do my best
to keep you safe at home.
Mm, so you're claiming
the Homeland Security Agency.
DELKO:
So posing as
a girlfriend
was just a cover?
I do whatever the job requires.
Was Rebecca involved
in the job?
No, she wasn't.
I never even saw her
before that creep
bought us both in the auction.
That's why I had to improvise
once we got to the room.
Improvise by killing her?
No.
I blindfolded her, so she
wouldn't see me plant the bug.
You want to
have some fun?
I guess.
Close your eyes.
(chuckles)
Okay, now get
comfortable, darling.
Yes.
You... are so sexy.
I mean, just hot.
Then I got out of there.
What is your interest
in Kinkella?
That's a need-to-know.
I need to know.
I can't help you.
Well, what about Rebecca?
Can you help her?
I don't follow.
Your microphone
recorded her murder.
Let me see what I can do.
I'll call it in.
Don't make me wait.
REBECCA:
Where you going?
GEORGE:
Give me one minute.
I got to get something.
Okay, that's George
leaving for the Viagra
KATIE:
You want to have some fun?
REBECCA:
I guess.
KATIE:
Close your eyes.
Eric, jump ahead to
when Katie leaves.
(recording fast-forwarding)
She's out.
(door opening)
REBECCA:
George?
Someone just walked in.
Why don't we
invite that other guy
to join us-- Peter?
You ow, 'cause he was
kind of cute.
(clattering)
(Rebecca screaming)
Oh, my G...
(Rebecca gasping)
I never heard
hesomeone die before.
(clattering)
GEORGE:
You're awfully quiet, ladies.
That''s George.
you start without me?
This is gonna be
worth every penny.
There's one leg.
What's this, chocolate sauce?
Excellent.
What the...?
(George screaming)
S-Somebody...!
Something happened!
Help! Help!
PETER:
George, what did you do?!
That's Kinkella
in the room.
GEORGE:
You got to help me!
PETER:
I'll go get you a towel.
(dull clattering)
Eric, rewind
that part.
(recording rewinding)
(dull clattering)
It sounds like he took something
and left, doesn't it?
(recording rewinding)
(dull clattering)
Yeah.
Yeah, the dog went crazy,
barking near the bedside table.
Something was removed.
MAN:
911. What is your emergency?
Let's find out Eric, what the real emergency was.
Where's Lieutenant Caine?
Mr. Kinkella,
you left out a smalletail.
You were the first one
to find George.
Uh, yeah.
He started
screaming.
At first, I thought he
was having a good time.
But then I knew
there was trouble.
And you decided to help him
by gng to get a towel?
Right.
Only, you never
got George a towel.
You took something
from the room.
Something heavy,
like a case.
How do you know about that?
The drug dogs smelled it, Peter.
But I took the
drugs out...
Dogs have an amazing
sense of smell.
What kind of drugs
Heroin.
Uncut.
In my book safe.
Somebody! Help!
George.
George, what did you do?!
You got to help me.
I'll, uh...
I'll go get you a towel.
It was right
nexto the bed.
I couldn't let??
You're quite an investor.
Pandering,
drug dealing,
money laundering.
Wasn't always that way.
It seems to have started
in the last few months.
Common denominator though
is that you need
to make money fast.
Why is that?
Peter, murder is gonna
round out the rest of
these charges really nicely.
But I-I didn't...
I want that safe.
It's in the trunk of my car.
Good.
Let's go.
(sighs)
WOLFE:
Hey, man, what'd we get?
It's what the
dope dog hit on.
It's a dictionary.
No, it's not.
It's a book safe.
It w concealing
his drugs.
Doesn't look like
it could hold very much,
besides a personal stash.
He kept pure heroin in there.
Cut it up, in the street,
it's wortx
a million dollars.
So he kept it close to him,
and it was near the body.
Yeah. And I'd say it was
at the killer's feet.
Spatter.
What is that, plastic?
Looks like an aglet.
The covering of a tip
of a shoelace?
That's right.
Some light-colored
threads inside.
The frayed aglet must have
got stuck in wet blood.
(Rebecca groaning)
(groaning)
Light-colored threads
means light-colored shoelace.
Means that our killer
was wearing tennis shoes
at a formal party.
So we're looking
for the one person
who didn't dress to impress.
What are you doing?
I'm seizing it.
It's evidence.
You see the frayed aglet
from your shoelace?
WOLFE:
We found the other half
at Rebecca's murder scene.
You said you never
went in the house.
WOLFE:
Yet, somehow,
the tip of your shoelace
got stuck in her wet blood.
Sort of hard to explain,
don't you think?
Why'd you do it?
Wasn't bad enough that she left
me for the guy I saw her with.
(giggling)
(camera clicks)
Be right back.
KATIE:
Close your eyes.
Trust me.
George?
Why don't we invite
that Peter guy to join us?
You know, he's kind of cute.
,500
George?
(grunting)
(screaming)
She was selling herself
like a common whore.
I couldn't
believe my eyes.
We're from Virginia.
We met in church, if
you can believe that.
We made promises
to each other.
And once she moved to South
Beach, she forgot everything.
How so?
She made new friends.
Didn't come home
for days.
I found drugs
in her purse.
Then that guy...
Rebecca didn't leave you
for that guy.
He's a cop.
She was helping him
to work a case.
What?
I don't get it.
That's right; you don't.
Maybe she would have
explained it to you.
But you never
gave her the chance.
You took her life.
Now we're gonna take yours.
Peter Kinkella has been
laundering money
and selling drugs,
and yet you're not
focused on him. Why not?
We need to keep
his operation going.
So the monitoring device
is for someone bigger.
Kinkella's only raising capital.
We want who's
getting that money.
Which is for who?
I'm afraidhat's classified.
Yeah.
Classified. For now.
CAINE:
Richard Kinkella,
are you aware that
Homeland Security Agency
is looking into you?
Why?
Because your money is being used
to fund a terrorist
organization, that's why.
I would never
help terrorists.
Not intentionally.
Up until six months ago,
you were a legitimate
businessman with a family.
So?
You're still married,
but no one has seen
your family recently.
Where are they?
Dead, if you
keep this up.
Please, I
beg of you.
You can't help me.
I think I can.
I drained
my accounts.
Borrowed against
my business.
Every time, they promised
it would be enough.
But it never was.
Three weeks ago,
my wife was driving
my sons to school.
They... took them.
everything they
asked after that.
I need names.
I want to tell you.
I do.
But if anything
happenedo them...
Mr. Kinkella, help me,
so I can help your family, okay?
No, I-I can't.
Thought you didn't need my help?
I would take help
from anybody right
now, Jake, even you.
So what's going on?
You were running
surveillance
on Kinkella, weren't you?
Shadowed him 24/7.
Only place I
couldn't get to him
was inside his house.
Why the photos?
His family was kidnapped.
Kidnapped for what?
Money.
Kinkella was being blackmailed into
funding a terrorist cell.
My God.
Yeah.
I was thinking maybe
your camera might've
caught one of
the kidnappers.
Thesguys ran Peter's clubs.
Now that's his cutter.
He prepared the roin
for the dealers.
What about this
girl? Who's she?
She's unidentified.
She was with Peter at the party.
Really?
Yeah, she s pretending
to be his girlfriend.
Well, she's giving him hell.
I wouldn't take that
from somebody I paid for.
Good to know.
We've got to find her.
I want in.
I thought I wasn't any fun.
Maybe I feel bad
because I got Rebecca
in the middle of this.
Maybe you just feel bad
'cause you're not in
the middle of it.
I'm sorry, Jake, I can't.
CAINE:
Ms. Moreta,
you led us to believe
that you were purchased
at an auction,
when, in reality,
the money went to you.
You needed Peter's
full cooperation.
So you kidnapped his family
to fund your terrorist cell.
That's crazy.
Is it?
What's the plan, Ms. Moreta?
My plan is to just sit back,
relax, and watch
as the world we know
changes forever.
And how is
that gonna happen?
My world believes in
the death of America.
Your world.
What is your world
planning to do?
It's already in motion.
I wouldn't stop it
even if I could.
I believe you.
Yeah, we don't know what
they're going to hit or when.
Okay, here what we do:
we look into Kinkella's
last six months.
As far as we know, he's
an unwitting facilitator.
And he lawyered up.
So what about Sonya?
She pulls the strings
and there's a reason
she chose him.
Yeah, his resources.
He must know
someone who is
helping Sonya's group transport
whatever they're using.
Someone important.
Yes, like the man at the auction.
CALLEIGH:
What've you got, Frank?
A lot of bigwigs at
that auction: old money,
new money, tech money.
Anybody out of place?
Yeah. George Kornspan.
The guy who bought
our three-way?
Mm-hmm, he's a stevedore
at the Miami port.
Works with shipping containers.
Well, 20 bucks says
he has something to do
with which ones get inspected.
(ship horn blows)
Hands where I can
see them, Kornspan.
I didn't come this far
to be taken down.
Don't make a mistake
that'll cost you your life;
put the gun down.
BERKELEY:
Freeze.
(gunfire)
Calleigh!
Calleigh! Calleigh!
Are you okay?
Thank God for Kevlar.
I will deal with you later.
Are you okay?
I'll be fine.
Jake, huh?
Yeah.
Dang... well,
I brought you the new gadget
from Homeland Security.
Oh, great. It's a portable
explosive detector.
It detects in
parts per trillion.
This was the lt
shipping container
that Kornspan signed off on.
Let's see.
This should tell us
what was in it.
(machine beeps)
That's reading PETN.
That's plastique explosive.
This container could hold
about 10,000 pounds.
That's twice as much
as they used
in the Oklahoma City bombing.
So why not just
blow up the port?
I don't know.
I guess sometimes it takes
an even larger explosion
to create a larger disaster.
How're we going to find out
where they're going?
WOLFE:
Found it. Thanks.
Homeland Security.
What are they looking for?
The same thing we are.
A vehicle carrying 10,000 pounds
of plastique explosives.
A mobile bomb.
The contents were unloaded at the dock
than half an hour ago.
(computer beeping)
Well, factoring in the size
of a vehicle
necessary to carry
that much weight
and the dr...
This should give us a viable
radius of the truck's location.
Route 821.
They've got to be headed
somewhere big, huh?
Where's that lead?
That's Turkey Point.
It's a suicide mission.
They're going to blow up
a nuclear power plant.
And cover Miami in 30,000 pounds
of nuclear fallout.
H... they're headed
to Turkey Point.
(speaking foreign language)
??Set up a roadblock
at Turkey Point
and notify Homeland Security
immediately.
AGENT (over radio):
Spotted vehicle
fitting criteria on 281.
Red cab, 18-wheeler...
The roadblock is in place.
Standing by for authorization
to engage.
Subject's vehicle
is one mile out.
We've got it in our sight.
Permission to engage.
We have the green
light to fire.
(speaking foreign language)
(gunshot)
(explosion)
I cannot believe
I took a bullet for you.
What are you
talking about?
I can't believe I
shot a man for you.
I'm the one in pain.
I got the emotional scars.
You're not losing
any sleep over this.
Maybe you're right.
What'd you say?
You're right, Calleigh.
Nice to hear.
Gotta admit...
We are a good team.
We have our moments.
What happens to Kinkella?
He was just a pawn.
My boss agreed
that if he fully cooperated
with the investigation,
he could have
a chance at immunity.
You know, ma'am, our
agencies really need
to learn to communicate.
Trust me, Lieutenant, from now
on when it comes to Miami,
you'll be the first one I call.
Yes, well, you've
got the number.
SONYA:
My plan is to just sit back,
relax,
and watch as the world
we know changes forever.